Add HOPS module (#1213)
ewels/MultiQC: docs/modules.md

MultiQC modules are Python submodules - as such, they need their own
directory in `/multiqc/` with an `__init__.py` file. The directory should
share its name with the module. To follow common practice, the module
code itself usually then goes in a separate python file (also with the same

> name, i.e. `multiqc/<my_mod>/<my_mod>.py`) which is then imported by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name, i.e. `multiqc/modname/modname.py`) which is then imported by the
```

For consistency for the snippet below:

```python
from .modname import MultiqcModule
```

Reviewer: Thank you for improving the docs by the way! Not many do 🙇

so that people know that it's there.

### MultiqcModule Class
If you've copied one of the other entry point statements, it will have ended 
in `:MultiqcModule` - this tells MultiQC to try to execute a class or function 
called `MultiqcModule`.

To use the helper functions bundled with MultiQC, you should extend this
class from `multiqc.modules.base_module.BaseMultiqcModule` in your

> module code file (i.e. `multiqc/<my_mod>/<my_mod>.py`). This will give

Reviewer: ```suggestion
module code file (i.e. `multiqc/modname/modname.py`). This will give
```
